
Bird flocks.
              
            
              
                The bird's immune response to avian pathogenic Escherichia coli.
              
            
              
                [Bird sex determination].
              
            
              
                Structure and function of the bird fovea.
              
            
Bird-pollinated flowers in an evolutionary and molecular context.
              
            
Bird brood parasitism.
              
            
Bird head stabilization.
              
            
              
                Candidate bird species for use in aging research.
              
            
              
                An integrative approach to understanding bird origins.
              
            
Bird evolution in the Eocene: climate change in Europe and a Danish fossil fauna.
              
            
              
                The bird's-eye view on chromosome evolution.
              
            
              
                Experimental infection of aquatic bird bornavirus in Muscovy ducks.
              
            
              
                Effects of road networks on bird populations.
              
            
              
                The evolving role of zoological parks and aquariums in migratory bird conservation.
              
            
              
                Comparing detectability patterns of bird species using multi-method occupancy modelling.
              
            
              
                Life in a polluted world: A global review of anthropogenic materials in bird nests.
              
            
              
                Introducing the Bird Chromosome Database: An Overview of Cytogenetic Studies in Birds.
              
            
Bird diversity in northern Myanmar and conservation implications.
              
            
              
                Are there long-term effects of production-based rearing on pet bird behavior?
              
            
              
                Cretaceous ornithurine supports a neognathous crown bird ancestor.
              
            
              
                New look at jaw fossil rewrites centuries-old bird history.
              
            
              
                Genomics: Bird sequencing project takes off.
              
            
              
                Hox genes, digit identities and the theropod/bird transition.
              
            
              
                Tropical bird species have less variable body sizes.
              
            
              
                Late Cretaceous bird from Madagascar reveals unique development of beaks.
              
            
              
                Air-filled postcranial bones in theropod dinosaurs: physiological implications and the 'reptile'-bird transition.
              
            
              
                Flow Rectification in Loopy Network Models of Bird Lungs.
              
            
              
                The honeycomb-like structure of the bird lung allows a uniquely thin blood-gas barrier.
              
            
              
                Environmental signal in the evolutionary diversification of bird skeletons.
              
            
              
                Scaling of bird wings and feathers for efficient flight.
              
            