
              
                A meta-analysis of procedures to change implicit measures.
              
            
              
                Consistent change propagation within models.
              
            
              
                Influenza Virus: Dealing with a Drifting and Shifting Pathogen.
              
            
              
                Widespread misperceptions of long-term attitude change.
              
            
              
                Climate Change Alters Sexual Signaling in a Desert-Adapted Frog.
              
            
              
                How costs change with infection prevention efforts.
              
            
              
                The future of functionally-related structural change assessment.
              
            
              
                Political and nonpolitical belief change elicits behavioral change.
              
            
              
                Culture, change, and prediction.
              
            
              
                Seasonal marine microorganisms change neighbours under contrasting environmental conditions.
              
            
              
                Should students change their answers on multiple choice questions?
              
            
              
                How to change implicit drug use-related cognitions in prevention: a transdisciplinary integration of findings from experimental psychopathology, social cognition, memory, and experimental learning psychology.
              
            
Change detection on a hunch: pre-attentive vision allows "sensing" of unique feature changes.
              
            
              
                Local biodiversity change reflects interactions among changing abundance, evenness, and richness.
              
            
              
                Why UK medical students change career preferences: an interview study.
              
            
              
                Community behavioral change and management of COVID-19 Pandemic: Evidence from Indonesia.
              
            
              
                Global climate change and introduced species in United States forests.
              
            
              
                Animal health aspects of adaptation to climate change: beating the heat and parasites in a warming Europe.
              
            
              
                Policy learning and change during crisis: COVID-19 policy responses across six states.
              
            
              
                Climate change exacerbates pest damage through reduced pesticide efficacy.
              
            
              
                Social Change and the Gendered Division of Household Labor in Canada.
              
            
              
                The Lifestyle Change Experiences of Cancer Survivors.
              
            
              
                Fecal Microbiome Responses to Sudden Diet Change in Mangalarga Marchador horses.
              
            
              
                Choice adaptation to changing environments: trends, feedback, and observability of change.
              
            
              
                Using music to change mood while driving.
              
            
              
                Early bilingual experience is associated with change detection ability in adults.
              
            
              
                Topological change disturbs object continuity in attentive tracking.
              
            
              
                Historical background.
              
            
              
                Name change among offender patients: an English high security hospital sample.
              
            
              
                Plasticity may change inputs as well as processes, structures, and responses.
              
            