
Learning to Be Conscious.
              
            
Learning to stop responding.
              
            
              
                Forgetting as the friend of learning: implications for teaching and self-regulated learning.
              
            
              
                Song learning and plasticity in songbirds.
              
            
              
                Collateral Learning.
              
            
              
                Sleep-learning impairs subsequent awake-learning.
              
            
              
                The learning curve, revisited.
              
            
Learning to represent visual input.
              
            
Learning during stressful times.
              
            
              
                The Rescorla-Wagner model, prediction error, and fear learning.
              
            
              
                Extinction learning, reconsolidation and the internal reinforcement hypothesis.
              
            
Learning Self-Triggered Controllers With Gaussian Processes.
              
            
Learning sparse and meaningful representations through embodiment.
              
            
              
                Flexible learning of matching and mismatching by pigeons.
              
            
              
                Developmental song learning as a model to understand neural mechanisms that limit and promote the ability to learn.
              
            
              
                The role of phonology during visual word learning in adults: An integrative review.
              
            
Learning non-local dependencies.
              
            
              
                Effective Transfer Learning with Label-Based Discriminative Feature Learning.
              
            
              
                Intrinsic fluctuations of reinforcement learning promote cooperation.
              
            
              
                Developmental neuroscience: Boosting inhibition boosts learning.
              
            
              
                Same/different concept learning by primates and birds.
              
            
Learning matrix factorization with scalable distance metric and regularizer.
              
            
Learning to learn about uncertain feedback.
              
            
Learning and Retention of Novel Words in Musicians and Nonmusicians.
              
            
              
                Incremental Concept Learning via Online Generative Memory Recall.
              
            
              
                Self-Supervised Action Representation Learning Based on Asymmetric Skeleton Data Augmentation.
              
            
              
                Implicit learning of the one-back reinforcement matching-mismatching task by pigeons.
              
            
              
                A computational model of infant learning and reasoning with probabilities.
              
            
Learning to Overexert Cognitive Control in a Stroop Task.
              
            
              
                Socially situated artificial intelligence enables learning from human interaction.
              
            